README.md, before:

# AI Experts Assignment (JS/TS)

This assignment evaluates your ability to:

- set up a small JavaScript/TypeScript project to run reliably (locally + in Docker),
- pin dependencies for reproducible installs,
- write focused tests to reproduce a bug,
- implement a minimal, reviewable fix.

## What you will do

### 1) Dockerfile (required)

Create a `Dockerfile` so the project can run the test suite in a non-interactive, CI-style environment.

Requirements:

- Your Docker image must run the test suite by default using npm test.
- Ensure npm test works in a clean environment (Docker) without manual steps.
- The build must install dependencies from package.json using npm install.
- The image must run tests by default (use: `CMD ["npm", "test"]`).

### 2) Pin dependencies (required)

- Pin dependency versions in package.json (no ^ / ~; use exact x.y.z).
- Do not commit lockfiles (package-lock.json, yarn.lock, pnpm-lock.yaml).

### 3) README updates (required)

## How to run tests locally

1.  **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
2.  **Run tests**:
    ```bash
    npm test
    ```

## How to build and run tests with Docker

1.  **Build the Docker image**:
    ```bash
    docker build -t a2sv-js-assignment .
    ```
2.  **Run the tests in a container**:
    ```bash
    docker run --rm a2sv-js-assignment
    ```

### 4) Find + fix a bug (required)

There is a bug somewhere in this repository.

Your tasks:

- Identify the bug through reading code and/or running tests.
- Write tests that reproduce the bug (tests should fail on the current code).
- Apply the smallest possible fix to make the tests pass.
- Keep the change minimal and reviewable (no refactors).

## Constraints

- Keep changes minimal and reviewable.
- Do not refactor unrelated code.
- Do not introduce extra tooling unless required.
- You may add tests and the smallest code change needed to fix the bug.

### 5) EXPLANATION.md (required)

Create `EXPLANATION.md` (max 250 words) containing:

- **What was the bug?**
- **Why did it happen?**
- **Why does your fix solve it?**
- **One realistic case / edge case your tests still don’t cover**

## Submission

- Submit a public GitHub repository URL containing your solution to the Google form link provided.

Commit message:

fix: update Dockerfile and README for improved clarity; enhance HttpClient to refresh OAuth2 tokens correctly

README.md, after:

# AI Experts Assignment (JS/TS)

This assignment evaluates your ability to:

- set up a small JavaScript/TypeScript project to run reliably (locally + in Docker),
- pin dependencies for reproducible installs,
- write focused tests to reproduce a bug,
- implement a minimal, reviewable fix.

## What you will do

### 1) Dockerfile (required)

Create a `Dockerfile` so the project can run the test suite in a non-interactive, CI-style environment.

Requirements:

- Your Docker image must run the test suite by default using npm test.
- Ensure npm test works in a clean environment (Docker) without manual steps.
- The build must install dependencies from package.json using npm install.
- The image must run tests by default (use: `CMD ["npm", "test"]`).

### 2) Pin dependencies (required)

- Pin dependency versions in package.json (no ^ / ~; use exact x.y.z).
- Do not commit lockfiles (package-lock.json, yarn.lock, pnpm-lock.yaml).

### 3) README updates (required)

Update this README to include:

- how to run the tests locally,
- how to build and run tests with Docker.

### 4) Find + fix a bug (required)

There is a bug somewhere in this repository.

Your tasks:

- Identify the bug through reading code and/or running tests.
- Write tests that reproduce the bug (tests should fail on the current code).
- Apply the smallest possible fix to make the tests pass.
- Keep the change minimal and reviewable (no refactors).

## Constraints

- Keep changes minimal and reviewable.
- Do not refactor unrelated code.
- Do not introduce extra tooling unless required.
- You may add tests and the smallest code change needed to fix the bug.

## Running tests locally

```bash
npm install
npm test
```

## Docker (build + run tests)

```bash
docker build -t ai-assignment-tests .
docker run --rm ai-assignment-tests
```

### 5) EXPLANATION.md (required)

Create `EXPLANATION.md` (max 250 words) containing:

- **What was the bug?**
- **Why did it happen?**
- **Why does your fix solve it?**
- **One realistic case / edge case your tests still don’t cover**

## Submission

- Submit a public GitHub repository URL containing your solution to the Google form link provided.
